README.md, before:

<!-- This file was automatically generated by the `build-harness`. Make all changes to `README.yaml` and run `make readme` to rebuild this file. -->
[![README Header][readme_header_img]][readme_header_link]

[![Cloud Posse][logo]](https://cpco.io/homepage)

# terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition

 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition) [![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition.svg)](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition/releases/latest) [![Slack Community](https://slack.cloudposse.com/badge.svg)](https://slack.cloudposse.com)


Terraform module to generate well-formed JSON documents that are passed to the `aws_ecs_task_definition` Terraform resource as [container definitions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#container_definitions).


---

This project is part of our comprehensive ["SweetOps"](https://cpco.io/sweetops) approach towards DevOps. 
[<img align="right" title="Share via Email" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/ios-email-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg"/>][share_email]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Google+" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-googleplus-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_googleplus]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Facebook" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-facebook-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_facebook]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Reddit" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-reddit-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_reddit]
[<img align="right" title="Share on LinkedIn" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-linkedin-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_linkedin]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Twitter" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-twitter-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_twitter]


[![Terraform Open Source Modules](https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/terraform-open-source-modules.svg)][terraform_modules]



It's 100% Open Source and licensed under the [APACHE2](LICENSE).







We literally have [*hundreds of terraform modules*][terraform_modules] that are Open Source and well-maintained. Check them out! 







## Usage

This module is meant to be used as output only, meaning it will be used to create outputs which are consumed as a parameter by Terraform resources or other modules.

For complete examples, see

- [multi-port mappings](examples/multi_port_mappings)
- [multi-type env vars](examples/multi_type_env_vars)
- [multiple definitions](examples/multiple_definitions)
- [string env vars](examples/string_env_vars)






## Makefile Targets
```
Available targets:

  help                                Help screen
  help/all                            Display help for all targets
  help/short                          This help short screen
  lint:                              Lint terraform code

```
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| command | The command that is passed to the container | list | `<list>` | no |
| container_cpu | The number of cpu units to reserve for the container. This is optional for tasks using Fargate launch type and the total amount of container_cpu of all containers in a task will need to be lower than the task-level cpu value | string | `256` | no |
| container_image | The image used to start the container. Images in the Docker Hub registry available by default | string | - | yes |
| container_memory | The amount of memory (in MiB) to allow the container to use. This is a hard limit, if the container attempts to exceed the container_memory, the container is killed. This field is optional for Fargate launch type and the total amount of container_memory of all containers in a task will need to be lower than the task memory value | string | `256` | no |
| container_memory_reservation | The amount of memory (in MiB) to reserve for the container. If container needs to exceed this threshold, it can do so up to the set container_memory hard limit | string | `128` | no |
| container_name | The name of the container. Up to 255 characters ([a-z], [A-Z], [0-9], -, _ allowed) | string | - | yes |
| dns_servers | Container DNS servers. This is a list of strings specifying the IP addresses of the DNS servers. | list | `<list>` | no |
| entrypoint | The entry point that is passed to the container | list | `<list>` | no |
| environment | The environment variables to pass to the container. This is a list of maps | list | `<list>` | no |
| essential | Determines whether all other containers in a task are stopped, if this container fails or stops for any reason. Due to how Terraform type casts booleans in json it is required to double quote this value | string | `true` | no |
| healthcheck | A map containing command (string), interval (duration in seconds), retries (1-10, number of times to retry before marking container unhealthy, and startPeriod (0-300, optional grace period to wait, in seconds, before failed healthchecks count toward retries) | map | `<map>` | no |
| log_driver | The log driver to use for the container. If using Fargate launch type, only supported value is awslogs | string | `awslogs` | no |
| log_options | The configuration options to send to the `log_driver` | map | `<map>` | no |
| mount_points | Container mount points. This is a list of maps, where each map should contain a `containerPath` and `sourceVolume` | list | `<list>` | no |
| port_mappings | The port mappings to configure for the container. This is a list of maps. Each map should contain "containerPort", "hostPort", and "protocol", where "protocol" is one of "tcp" or "udp". If using containers in a task with the awsvpc or host network mode, the hostPort can either be left blank or set to the same value as the containerPort | list | `<list>` | no |
| readonly_root_filesystem | Determines whether a container is given read-only access to its root filesystem. Due to how Terraform type casts booleans in json it is required to double quote this value | string | `false` | no |
| secrets | The secrets to pass to the container. This is a list of maps | list | `<list>` | no |
| working_directory | The working directory to run commands inside the container | string | `` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| json | JSON encoded container definitions for use with other terraform resources such as aws_ecs_task_definition. |
| json_map | JSON encoded container definitions for use with other terraform resources such as aws_ecs_task_definition. |




## Share the Love 

Like this project? Please give it a ★ on [our GitHub](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition)! (it helps us **a lot**) 

Are you using this project or any of our other projects? Consider [leaving a testimonial][testimonial]. =)


## Related Projects

Check out these related projects.

- [terraform-aws-ecs-codepipeline](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-codepipeline) - Terraform module for CI/CD with AWS Code Pipeline and Code Build for ECS
- [terraform-aws-ecs-events](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-events) - Provides a standard set of ECS events that notify an SNS topic
- [terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-autoscaling](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-autoscaling) - Terraform module to autoscale ECS Service based on CloudWatch metrics
- [terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition) - Terraform module to generate well-formed JSON documents (container definitions) that are passed to the aws_ecs_task_definition Terraform resource
- [terraform-aws-ecs-launch-template](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-launch-template) - Terraform module for generating an AWS Launch Template for ECS that handles draining on Spot Termination Requests
- [terraform-aws-ecs-web-app](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-web-app) - Terraform module that implements a web app on ECS and supporting AWS resources
- [terraform-aws-ecs-spot-fleet](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-spot-fleet) - Terraform module to create a diversified spot fleet for ECS clusters
- [terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-sns-alarms](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-sns-alarms) - Terraform module to create CloudWatch Alarms on ECS Service level metrics
- [terraform-aws-ecs-alb-service-task](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-alb-service-task) - Terraform module which implements an ECS service which exposes a web service via ALB



## Help

**Got a question?**

File a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition/issues), send us an [email][email] or join our [Slack Community][slack].

[![README Commercial Support][readme_commercial_support_img]][readme_commercial_support_link]

## Commercial Support

Work directly with our team of DevOps experts via email, slack, and video conferencing. 

We provide [*commercial support*][commercial_support] for all of our [Open Source][github] projects. As a *Dedicated Support* customer, you have access to our team of subject matter experts at a fraction of the cost of a full-time engineer. 

[![E-Mail](https://img.shields.io/badge/email-hello@cloudposse.com-blue.svg)][email]

- **Questions.** We'll use a Shared Slack channel between your team and ours.
- **Troubleshooting.** We'll help you triage why things aren't working.
- **Code Reviews.** We'll review your Pull Requests and provide constructive feedback.
- **Bug Fixes.** We'll rapidly work to fix any bugs in our projects.
- **Build New Terraform Modules.** We'll [develop original modules][module_development] to provision infrastructure.
- **Cloud Architecture.** We'll assist with your cloud strategy and design.
- **Implementation.** We'll provide hands-on support to implement our reference architectures. 



## Terraform Module Development

Are you interested in custom Terraform module development? Submit your inquiry using [our form][module_development] today and we'll get back to you ASAP.


## Slack Community

Join our [Open Source Community][slack] on Slack. It's **FREE** for everyone! Our "SweetOps" community is where you get to talk with others who share a similar vision for how to rollout and manage infrastructure. This is the best place to talk shop, ask questions, solicit feedback, and work together as a community to build totally *sweet* infrastructure.

## Newsletter

Signup for [our newsletter][newsletter] that covers everything on our technology radar.  Receive updates on what we're up to on GitHub as well as awesome new projects we discover. 

## Contributing

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests

Please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition/issues) to report any bugs or file feature requests.

### Developing

If you are interested in being a contributor and want to get involved in developing this project or [help out](https://cpco.io/help-out) with our other projects, we would love to hear from you! Shoot us an [email][email].

In general, PRs are welcome. We follow the typical "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.

 1. **Fork** the repo on GitHub
 2. **Clone** the project to your own machine
 3. **Commit** changes to your own branch
 4. **Push** your work back up to your fork
 5. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE:** Be sure to merge the latest changes from "upstream" before making a pull request!


## Copyright

Copyright © 2017-2019 [Cloud Posse, LLC](https://cpco.io/copyright)



## License 

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) 

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.









## Trademarks

All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.

## About

This project is maintained and funded by [Cloud Posse, LLC][website]. Like it? Please let us know by [leaving a testimonial][testimonial]!

[![Cloud Posse][logo]][website]

We're a [DevOps Professional Services][hire] company based in Los Angeles, CA. We ❤️  [Open Source Software][we_love_open_source].

We offer [paid support][commercial_support] on all of our projects.  

Check out [our other projects][github], [follow us on twitter][twitter], [apply for a job][jobs], or [hire us][hire] to help with your cloud strategy and implementation.



### Contributors

|  [![Erik Osterman][osterman_avatar]][osterman_homepage]<br/>[Erik Osterman][osterman_homepage] | [![Sarkis Varozian][sarkis_avatar]][sarkis_homepage]<br/>[Sarkis Varozian][sarkis_homepage] | [![Andriy Knysh][aknysh_avatar]][aknysh_homepage]<br/>[Andriy Knysh][aknysh_homepage] | [![Igor Rodionov][goruha_avatar]][goruha_homepage]<br/>[Igor Rodionov][goruha_homepage] |
|---|---|---|---|

  [osterman_homepage]: https://github.com/osterman
  [osterman_avatar]: https://github.com/osterman.png?size=150
  [sarkis_homepage]: https://github.com/sarkis
  [sarkis_avatar]: https://github.com/sarkis.png?size=150
  [aknysh_homepage]: https://github.com/aknysh
  [aknysh_avatar]: https://github.com/aknysh.png?size=150
  [goruha_homepage]: https://github.com/goruha
  [goruha_avatar]: https://github.com/goruha.png?size=150



[![README Footer][readme_footer_img]][readme_footer_link]
[![Beacon][beacon]][website]

  [logo]: https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg
  [docs]: https://cpco.io/docs
  [website]: https://cpco.io/homepage
  [github]: https://cpco.io/github
  [jobs]: https://cpco.io/jobs
  [hire]: https://cpco.io/hire
  [slack]: https://cpco.io/slack
  [linkedin]: https://cpco.io/linkedin
  [twitter]: https://cpco.io/twitter
  [testimonial]: https://cpco.io/leave-testimonial
  [newsletter]: https://cpco.io/newsletter
  [email]: https://cpco.io/email
  [commercial_support]: https://cpco.io/commercial-support
  [we_love_open_source]: https://cpco.io/we-love-open-source
  [module_development]: https://cpco.io/module-development
  [terraform_modules]: https://cpco.io/terraform-modules
  [readme_header_img]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/header/img?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_header_link]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/header/link?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_footer_img]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/img?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_footer_link]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/link?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_commercial_support_img]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/commercial-support/img?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_commercial_support_link]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/commercial-support/link?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_twitter]: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition&url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition&url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_reddit]: https://reddit.com/submit/?url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_facebook]: https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_googleplus]: https://plus.google.com/share?url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_email]: mailto:?subject=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition&body=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [beacon]: https://ga-beacon.cloudposse.com/UA-76589703-4/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition?pixel&cs=github&cm=readme&an=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition

Commit message:

Add ulimits (#22)
* Add ulimits to container definition

* Build readme

README.md, after:

<!-- This file was automatically generated by the `build-harness`. Make all changes to `README.yaml` and run `make readme` to rebuild this file. -->
[![README Header][readme_header_img]][readme_header_link]

[![Cloud Posse][logo]](https://cpco.io/homepage)

# terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition

 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition) [![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition.svg)](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition/releases/latest) [![Slack Community](https://slack.cloudposse.com/badge.svg)](https://slack.cloudposse.com)


Terraform module to generate well-formed JSON documents that are passed to the `aws_ecs_task_definition` Terraform resource as [container definitions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#container_definitions).


---

This project is part of our comprehensive ["SweetOps"](https://cpco.io/sweetops) approach towards DevOps. 
[<img align="right" title="Share via Email" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/ios-email-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg"/>][share_email]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Google+" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-googleplus-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_googleplus]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Facebook" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-facebook-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_facebook]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Reddit" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-reddit-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_reddit]
[<img align="right" title="Share on LinkedIn" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-linkedin-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_linkedin]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Twitter" src="https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/ionicons/social-twitter-outline-2.0.1-16x16-999999.svg" />][share_twitter]


[![Terraform Open Source Modules](https://docs.cloudposse.com/images/terraform-open-source-modules.svg)][terraform_modules]



It's 100% Open Source and licensed under the [APACHE2](LICENSE).







We literally have [*hundreds of terraform modules*][terraform_modules] that are Open Source and well-maintained. Check them out! 







## Usage

This module is meant to be used as output only, meaning it will be used to create outputs which are consumed as a parameter by Terraform resources or other modules.

For complete examples, see

- [multi-port mappings](examples/multi_port_mappings)
- [multi-type env vars](examples/multi_type_env_vars)
- [multiple definitions](examples/multiple_definitions)
- [string env vars](examples/string_env_vars)






## Makefile Targets
```
Available targets:

  help                                Help screen
  help/all                            Display help for all targets
  help/short                          This help short screen
  lint                                Lint terraform code

```
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| command | The command that is passed to the container | list | `<list>` | no |
| container_cpu | The number of cpu units to reserve for the container. This is optional for tasks using Fargate launch type and the total amount of container_cpu of all containers in a task will need to be lower than the task-level cpu value | string | `256` | no |
| container_image | The image used to start the container. Images in the Docker Hub registry available by default | string | - | yes |
| container_memory | The amount of memory (in MiB) to allow the container to use. This is a hard limit, if the container attempts to exceed the container_memory, the container is killed. This field is optional for Fargate launch type and the total amount of container_memory of all containers in a task will need to be lower than the task memory value | string | `256` | no |
| container_memory_reservation | The amount of memory (in MiB) to reserve for the container. If container needs to exceed this threshold, it can do so up to the set container_memory hard limit | string | `128` | no |
| container_name | The name of the container. Up to 255 characters ([a-z], [A-Z], [0-9], -, _ allowed) | string | - | yes |
| dns_servers | Container DNS servers. This is a list of strings specifying the IP addresses of the DNS servers. | list | `<list>` | no |
| entrypoint | The entry point that is passed to the container | list | `<list>` | no |
| environment | The environment variables to pass to the container. This is a list of maps | list | `<list>` | no |
| essential | Determines whether all other containers in a task are stopped, if this container fails or stops for any reason. Due to how Terraform type casts booleans in json it is required to double quote this value | string | `true` | no |
| healthcheck | A map containing command (string), interval (duration in seconds), retries (1-10, number of times to retry before marking container unhealthy, and startPeriod (0-300, optional grace period to wait, in seconds, before failed healthchecks count toward retries) | map | `<map>` | no |
| log_driver | The log driver to use for the container. If using Fargate launch type, only supported value is awslogs | string | `awslogs` | no |
| log_options | The configuration options to send to the `log_driver` | map | `<map>` | no |
| mount_points | Container mount points. This is a list of maps, where each map should contain a `containerPath` and `sourceVolume` | list | `<list>` | no |
| port_mappings | The port mappings to configure for the container. This is a list of maps. Each map should contain "containerPort", "hostPort", and "protocol", where "protocol" is one of "tcp" or "udp". If using containers in a task with the awsvpc or host network mode, the hostPort can either be left blank or set to the same value as the containerPort | list | `<list>` | no |
| readonly_root_filesystem | Determines whether a container is given read-only access to its root filesystem. Due to how Terraform type casts booleans in json it is required to double quote this value | string | `false` | no |
| secrets | The secrets to pass to the container. This is a list of maps | list | `<list>` | no |
| ulimits | Container ulimit settings. This is a list of maps, where each map should contain "name", "hardLimit" and "softLimit" | list | `<list>` | no |
| working_directory | The working directory to run commands inside the container | string | `` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| json | JSON encoded container definitions for use with other terraform resources such as aws_ecs_task_definition. |
| json_map | JSON encoded container definitions for use with other terraform resources such as aws_ecs_task_definition. |




## Share the Love 

Like this project? Please give it a ★ on [our GitHub](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition)! (it helps us **a lot**) 

Are you using this project or any of our other projects? Consider [leaving a testimonial][testimonial]. =)


## Related Projects

Check out these related projects.

- [terraform-aws-ecs-codepipeline](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-codepipeline) - Terraform module for CI/CD with AWS Code Pipeline and Code Build for ECS
- [terraform-aws-ecs-events](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-events) - Provides a standard set of ECS events that notify an SNS topic
- [terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-autoscaling](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-autoscaling) - Terraform module to autoscale ECS Service based on CloudWatch metrics
- [terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition) - Terraform module to generate well-formed JSON documents (container definitions) that are passed to the aws_ecs_task_definition Terraform resource
- [terraform-aws-ecs-launch-template](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-launch-template) - Terraform module for generating an AWS Launch Template for ECS that handles draining on Spot Termination Requests
- [terraform-aws-ecs-web-app](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-web-app) - Terraform module that implements a web app on ECS and supporting AWS resources
- [terraform-aws-ecs-spot-fleet](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-spot-fleet) - Terraform module to create a diversified spot fleet for ECS clusters
- [terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-sns-alarms](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-cloudwatch-sns-alarms) - Terraform module to create CloudWatch Alarms on ECS Service level metrics
- [terraform-aws-ecs-alb-service-task](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-alb-service-task) - Terraform module which implements an ECS service which exposes a web service via ALB



## Help

**Got a question?**

File a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition/issues), send us an [email][email] or join our [Slack Community][slack].

[![README Commercial Support][readme_commercial_support_img]][readme_commercial_support_link]

## Commercial Support

Work directly with our team of DevOps experts via email, slack, and video conferencing. 

We provide [*commercial support*][commercial_support] for all of our [Open Source][github] projects. As a *Dedicated Support* customer, you have access to our team of subject matter experts at a fraction of the cost of a full-time engineer. 

[![E-Mail](https://img.shields.io/badge/email-hello@cloudposse.com-blue.svg)][email]

- **Questions.** We'll use a Shared Slack channel between your team and ours.
- **Troubleshooting.** We'll help you triage why things aren't working.
- **Code Reviews.** We'll review your Pull Requests and provide constructive feedback.
- **Bug Fixes.** We'll rapidly work to fix any bugs in our projects.
- **Build New Terraform Modules.** We'll [develop original modules][module_development] to provision infrastructure.
- **Cloud Architecture.** We'll assist with your cloud strategy and design.
- **Implementation.** We'll provide hands-on support to implement our reference architectures. 



## Terraform Module Development

Are you interested in custom Terraform module development? Submit your inquiry using [our form][module_development] today and we'll get back to you ASAP.


## Slack Community

Join our [Open Source Community][slack] on Slack. It's **FREE** for everyone! Our "SweetOps" community is where you get to talk with others who share a similar vision for how to rollout and manage infrastructure. This is the best place to talk shop, ask questions, solicit feedback, and work together as a community to build totally *sweet* infrastructure.

## Newsletter

Signup for [our newsletter][newsletter] that covers everything on our technology radar.  Receive updates on what we're up to on GitHub as well as awesome new projects we discover. 

## Contributing

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests

Please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition/issues) to report any bugs or file feature requests.

### Developing

If you are interested in being a contributor and want to get involved in developing this project or [help out](https://cpco.io/help-out) with our other projects, we would love to hear from you! Shoot us an [email][email].

In general, PRs are welcome. We follow the typical "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.

 1. **Fork** the repo on GitHub
 2. **Clone** the project to your own machine
 3. **Commit** changes to your own branch
 4. **Push** your work back up to your fork
 5. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE:** Be sure to merge the latest changes from "upstream" before making a pull request!


## Copyright

Copyright © 2017-2019 [Cloud Posse, LLC](https://cpco.io/copyright)



## License 

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) 

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.









## Trademarks

All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.

## About

This project is maintained and funded by [Cloud Posse, LLC][website]. Like it? Please let us know by [leaving a testimonial][testimonial]!

[![Cloud Posse][logo]][website]

We're a [DevOps Professional Services][hire] company based in Los Angeles, CA. We ❤️  [Open Source Software][we_love_open_source].

We offer [paid support][commercial_support] on all of our projects.  

Check out [our other projects][github], [follow us on twitter][twitter], [apply for a job][jobs], or [hire us][hire] to help with your cloud strategy and implementation.



### Contributors

|  [![Erik Osterman][osterman_avatar]][osterman_homepage]<br/>[Erik Osterman][osterman_homepage] | [![Sarkis Varozian][sarkis_avatar]][sarkis_homepage]<br/>[Sarkis Varozian][sarkis_homepage] | [![Andriy Knysh][aknysh_avatar]][aknysh_homepage]<br/>[Andriy Knysh][aknysh_homepage] | [![Igor Rodionov][goruha_avatar]][goruha_homepage]<br/>[Igor Rodionov][goruha_homepage] |
|---|---|---|---|

  [osterman_homepage]: https://github.com/osterman
  [osterman_avatar]: https://github.com/osterman.png?size=150
  [sarkis_homepage]: https://github.com/sarkis
  [sarkis_avatar]: https://github.com/sarkis.png?size=150
  [aknysh_homepage]: https://github.com/aknysh
  [aknysh_avatar]: https://github.com/aknysh.png?size=150
  [goruha_homepage]: https://github.com/goruha
  [goruha_avatar]: https://github.com/goruha.png?size=150



[![README Footer][readme_footer_img]][readme_footer_link]
[![Beacon][beacon]][website]

  [logo]: https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg
  [docs]: https://cpco.io/docs
  [website]: https://cpco.io/homepage
  [github]: https://cpco.io/github
  [jobs]: https://cpco.io/jobs
  [hire]: https://cpco.io/hire
  [slack]: https://cpco.io/slack
  [linkedin]: https://cpco.io/linkedin
  [twitter]: https://cpco.io/twitter
  [testimonial]: https://cpco.io/leave-testimonial
  [newsletter]: https://cpco.io/newsletter
  [email]: https://cpco.io/email
  [commercial_support]: https://cpco.io/commercial-support
  [we_love_open_source]: https://cpco.io/we-love-open-source
  [module_development]: https://cpco.io/module-development
  [terraform_modules]: https://cpco.io/terraform-modules
  [readme_header_img]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/header/img?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_header_link]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/header/link?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_footer_img]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/img?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_footer_link]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/link?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_commercial_support_img]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/commercial-support/img?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [readme_commercial_support_link]: https://cloudposse.com/readme/commercial-support/link?repo=cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_twitter]: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition&url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition&url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_reddit]: https://reddit.com/submit/?url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_facebook]: https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_googleplus]: https://plus.google.com/share?url=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [share_email]: mailto:?subject=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition&body=https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
  [beacon]: https://ga-beacon.cloudposse.com/UA-76589703-4/cloudposse/terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition?pixel&cs=github&cm=readme&an=terraform-aws-ecs-container-definition
